feat(lint): add ignoreBooleanCoercion option to useNullishCoalescing (#10595)
biomejs/biome: .changeset/add-ignore-boolean-coercion.md

---
"@biomejs/biome": patch
---

> Added `ignoreBooleanCoercion` to [useNullishCoalescing](https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/use-nullish-coalescing/), partially addressing [#9232](https://github.com/biomejs/biome/issues/9232). When enabled, Biome ignores `||` and `||=` used inside a `Boolean()` call, where coalescing on falsy values is intentional.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added the option `ignoreBooleanCoercion` to [useNullishCoalescing](https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/use-nullish-coalescing/). When enabled, Biome ignores `||` and `||=` used inside a `Boolean()` call, where coalescing on falsy values is intentional.
```

You might want to add a code snippet that isn't triggered, when the option is enabled
